[OSDOCS-12980]Non-ROSA workloads on control plane and infra nodes (#86554)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/sdpolicy-am-compute.adoc

All worker nodes within a single {product-title} machine pool must be of the same type and size. However, worker nodes across multiple machine pools within an {product-title} cluster can be of different types and sizes.
====

> Control plane and infrastructure nodes are also provided by Red{nbsp}Hat. There are at least 3 control plane nodes that handle etcd and API-related workloads. There are at least 2 infrastructure nodes that handle metrics, routing, the web console, and other workloads. You must not run any workloads on the control plane and infrastructure nodes. Any workloads you intend to run must be deployed on worker nodes. See the Red Hat Operator support section below for more information about Red Hat workloads that must be deployed on worker nodes.

Reviewer: Suggestion about the admonition, similarly to the previous suggestion:
```suggestion
Control plane and infrastructure nodes are provided by Red{nbsp}Hat. There are at least 3 control plane nodes that handle etcd and API-related workloads. There are at least 2 infrastructure nodes that handle metrics, routing, the web console, and other workloads. 

[IMPORTANT]
====
You must not run any workloads on the control plane and infrastructure nodes. Any workloads you intend to run must be deployed on worker nodes. See the following Red{nbsp}Hat Operator support section for more information about Red{nbsp}Hat workloads that must be deployed on worker nodes.
====
```

Reviewer 2: +1 Eliska. The "also" word does not easily tie to the previous paragraph.

Reviewer 2: A note would be useful here but this small section already has 3 of them. If anything, cutting the notes down to 2 notes that are not stacked on top of each other would be better.

Reviewer 2: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#admonitions

![Screenshot from 2025-01-06 15-27-29](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/190f2f1d-6eca-4f54-8fa3-cd1de99f59e9)

> Control plane and infrastructure nodes are also provided by Red{nbsp}Hat. There are at least 3 control plane nodes that handle etcd and API-related workloads. There are at least 2 infrastructure nodes that handle metrics, routing, the web console, and other workloads. You must not run any workloads on the control plane and infrastructure nodes. Any workloads you intend to run must be deployed on worker nodes. See the Red Hat Operator support section below for more information about Red Hat workloads that must be deployed on worker nodes.

Reviewer 2: Please add this link to the Description box to help other reviewers: https://86554--ocpdocs-pr.netlify.app/openshift-dedicated/latest/osd_architecture/osd_policy/osd-service-definition.html

> Control plane and infrastructure nodes are also provided by Red{nbsp}Hat. There are at least 3 control plane nodes that handle etcd and API-related workloads. There are at least 2 infrastructure nodes that handle metrics, routing, the web console, and other workloads. You must not run any workloads on the control plane and infrastructure nodes. Any workloads you intend to run must be deployed on worker nodes. See the Red Hat Operator support section below for more information about Red Hat workloads that must be deployed on worker nodes.

Reviewer 2: Consider:

Red{nbsp} provides control plane and infrastructure nodes and these nodes are listed as follows:

* At least 3 control plane nodes that handle etcd and API-related workloads.
* At least 2 infrastructure nodes that handle metrics, routing, the web console, and other workloads. 

You must not run any workloads on the control plane and infrastructure nodes **[other workloads contradicts this statement?]**. Any workloads you intend to run must be deployed on worker nodes. 

Additional resources,

* For more information about running workloads that must be deployed on worker nodes, see [link].
